Add v13.0.0 for Azure (#473)
giantswarm/releases: azure/v13.0.0/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v13.0.0 for Azure :zap:

This is the first release to support Kubernetes 1.18 on Azure.

This release also includes support for Kubernetes node pools.

> A node pool is a sub set of the kubernetes nodes, and node pools differ from each other.
> This is suitable for having different node pools with different configurations (like a different instance size) for different purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A node pool is a subset of the Kubernetes nodes. They enable having pools of nodes with different configurations (like a different instance size) within one cluster.
```

> After cluster creation with 1 node pools, later on node pools can be freely added and removed from the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After cluster creation with 1 node pools, additional node pools can be freely added and removed from the cluster.
```

If you have access to the Control Plane API you can manage your clusters directly from there.
The clusters that you create are now represented by [Cluster API](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/) CRDs ([Custom Resource Definition](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/)).
Using [our kubectl plugin](https://github.com/giantswarm/kubectl-gs/) you can easily create the Custom Resources required to create a cluster.

## Change details

### azure-operator [5.0.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/aws-operator/releases/tag/v5.0.0)

Bug fixes:

- Fixed firewall rules to allow prometheus to scrape node-level exporters from all node pools.

> - Encryption secret is now taken from the CR namespace rather than the organization namespace.

Reviewer: what customers get from this change?

Reviewer 2: Probably it's too low level. I'll remove it.

> - Try to send only one request to VMSS Azure API from `nodepool` handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try to send only one request to VMSS Azure API from `nodepool` handler which reduces the risk of reaching API rate limit and getting 429 errors.
```

### kube-state-metrics [1.2.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/kube-state-metrics-app/releases/tag/v1.2.0)

#### Added
- Added monitoring annotations and common labels.
#### Changed
- Deploy `kube-state-metrics-app` on installations as part of app collection.

### cert-exporter [1.3.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/cert-exporter/releases/tag/v1.3.0)

#### Added
- Add Network Policy.
#### Changed
- Remove `hostNetwork` and `hostPID` capabilities.

### net-exporter [1.9.2](https://github.com/giantswarm/net-exporter/releases/tag/v1.9.2)

#### Changed
- Updated backward incompatible Kubernetes dependencies to v1.18.5.
#### Fixed
- Fixed indentation problem with the daemonset template.

### node-exporter [1.4.2](https://github.com/giantswarm/node-exporter-app/releases/tag/v1.4.2)

#### Changed
- Disable `btrfs`,`softnet`,`rapl` and `thermal_zone` to reduce memory usage.
- Increase memory limit to `75Mi`.

### external-dns [1.5.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/external-dns-app/releases/tag/v1.5.0)

#### Changed
- Upgrade upstream external-dns from v0.7.3 to [v0.7.4](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/releases/tag/v0.7.4).

> ### cluster-autoscaler [1.18.2](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-autoscaler-app/releases/tag/v1.18.2)

Reviewer 2: Should I remove cluster-autoscaler from the readme?

Reviewer: yes
